docs/index.md, before:

## For Firefox, Chromium, and Chrome.

Distracted by all those sites full of clickbaited, confusing, low-effort advertisement lure? Annoyed with the endless stream of tripe media coming your way?

_Ain't nobody got time for that!_

That's what **Hetzblocker** is for.
Take back control of your time and your mental health.
Block muddleheaded, conspirative, nonsensical media.

Now available in your favorite browser.

## Features

 - Blocks all requests to inflammatory media and platforms. For example Axel Springer, De Telegraaf Media Groep, and many more.
 - Saves you the stress you build up from reading nonsensical articles.
 - Bonus: Protects you from seeing truely muddleheaded comment sections on these sites.
 - Indicates and disables links to blocked sites everywhere — Handy for search results, source reference sections, etc.

## Contribute

Want to help out? Tell everyone about the extension!

For those of you who would like to help out in a more direct manner: I’m still looking for people to help maintain the block list or add translations. If you’d like to join the party, please drop me a line on GitHub or send me an email.

## Developing the browser extension

See [`README.md`](https://github.com/marklindhout/hetzblocker/blob/master/README.md) in the root of the repository.

## Thanks

This extension is heavily inspired by [autinerd’s hosts file](https://github.com/autinerd/anti-axelspringer-hosts), plus [revengeday](https://github.com/revengeday)’s and [rleh](https://github.com/rleh)’s work on browser extensions.

Thanks guys!

Commit message:

Updated marklindhout.github.io/hetzblocker information with the links to the Chrome and Firefox web stores.

docs/index.md, after:

## For Firefox, Chromium, and Chrome.

Distracted by all those sites full of clickbaited, confusing, low-effort advertisement lure? Annoyed with the endless stream of tripe media coming your way?

_Ain't nobody got time for that!_

That's what **Hetzblocker** is for.
Take back your time, protect your mental health and happiness:
Block muddleheaded, conspirative, nonsensical media.

Now available in your favorite browser:

  - [Hetzblocker for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/hetzblocker/)
  - [Hetzblocker for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hetzblocker/mhmohgpdkkegialpboobiebjjhgjabii)

## Features

 - Blocks all requests to inflammatory media and platforms. For example Axel Springer, De Telegraaf Media Groep, and many more.
 - Saves you the stress you build up from reading nonsensical articles.
 - Bonus: Protects you from seeing truely muddleheaded comment sections on these sites.
 - Indicates and disables links to blocked sites everywhere — Handy for search results, source reference sections, etc.

## Contribute

Want to help out? Tell everyone about the extension!

For those of you who would like to help out in a more direct manner: I’m still looking for people to help maintain the block list or add translations. If you’d like to join the party, please drop me a line on GitHub or send me an email.

## Developing the browser extension

See [`README.md`](https://github.com/marklindhout/hetzblocker/blob/master/README.md) in the root of the repository.

## Thanks

This extension is heavily inspired by [autinerd’s hosts file](https://github.com/autinerd/anti-axelspringer-hosts), plus [revengeday](https://github.com/revengeday)’s and [rleh](https://github.com/rleh)’s work on browser extensions.

Thanks guys!
